CI Run tests with pyodide 0.24.0 (#85)
pyodide/micropip: COMPATIBILITY.md

# Compatible Pyodide versions

> Following versions of micropip and Pyodide are tested in CI.
> Other versions may work, however with no guarantee.

Reviewer: Minor language suggestion:
```suggestion
The following versions of micropip and Pyodide are tested in CI.
Other versions may work, however we make no guarantees.
```

Author: Thanks!
